-----------------------------DAY-1---------------------------------------------

How to find python version?

How to use briefly a python command?

How to find python sys.path?

How to find more information about the version of python?

How to use a module in python?

How to find a good source of help of python language?

How to find a source of knowledge about topics on python language?

How to verify commits history on git?

How to see env variables in Linux?

Describe some importants conventions that exists on python programs\scripts.

Where to use the 'export' command in Linux?

How to activate a venv?

What is glob?

How to use pip to install a package?

How to use help in ipython?

How to see de source code, in python, of some features?

How to use the general help in ipython?

How to see all modules in ipython?

-----------------------------DAY-2---------------------------------------------

What is an object?

How many types of data can types be separated in?

How do we see the implementation of an object?

What is a singleton?

What happens in python when we make a assignement?

How do we do to see the type of a variable?

How to see the binary representation of a variable?

How to see the integer representation of a char?

How do we see the memory position of a variable?

What is a protocol?

What is a float?

What is a bool?

What type do we use when dont wanna any kind of value?

What kind of objects a function returns in Python?

How do we designate texts in Python?

"Under the hood", how a string works?

What tables the OS stores to deal with char?

What is serialization? How do we work with it?

What kind of data we can concatenate?

With what kind of typing Python works?

What do we do when we need to work with a lot of text?

What elements do exists in an interpolation?

How de we format decimal point in floats type?

How do we format decimal digits in int type?

What kind of placeholder is used when we have a lot of texts to
work with?

How can we use the Python help to learn about formatting?

How is the other method to deal with string in Python?

How do we centralize or positionate texts on screen?

What is the third and famous method to deal with string?

What is a sequence type in Python?

How do we call the types that are sequences?

What is a tuple? What caracterizes a tuple? How do we create and use
tuples?

How do we unpack tuples?

How do we put a lot of values of a unpacked tuple in a variable?

What convention exists in Python that discard values from a tuple?

What is a list in Python?

How do we create a list in Python?

What method do we use to add elements in a list?

What method do we use to add elements is a especific position in a
list?

How do we remove elements from a list?

What operations can we do with TWO OR MORE lists?

Is there a method to work with TWO OR MORE lists?

How do we see if an element exists in a list?

How do we count how many especific elements exists in a lists?

What is a set?

How do we create sets?

Say some features about sets...

What are the advantages of a set?

Say the main operations that can be done with sets.

Usually, sets are used as elements of _________.

What especific implementation exists in the set object that make it
more attractive to some especific problems?

When we should NOT USE sets?

